[MAGIC] Enhancement of the documentation of some recipes (#1439)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/recipes/recipe_cvdp.rst

User settings in recipe
-----------------------

> The recipe can be run with several model data sets and ensembles. Multi-model mean statistics are currently not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recipe can be run with several data sets including different model ensembles, multi-model mean statistics are currently not supported.
```

Observations and reformat scripts
---------------------------------

> None. 

Reviewer: Why are there no observations? Comparison with observation is one of the main aspects of the CVDP. To me, tis looks like an incomplete draft implementation of the CVDP into the ESMValTool.

.. figure::  /recipes/figures/cvdp/nam.prreg.ann.png
   :align:   center

   Regression of the precipitation anomalies (PR) onto the Northern Annular 

>    Mode (NAM) index for the period of 1900-2005 for 31 CMIP5 models. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Mode (NAM) index for the time period 1900-2005 for 30 CMIP5 models and observations (GPCP (pr) / IFS-Cy31r2 (psl); time period 1984-2005).
```
